**University Talk** 

Talk title: My Story

Talk URL: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fpNNyHFUKzM](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fpNNyHFUKzM) 

Talk description: 

Talk context: 

My favourite talk principle: “What they need to hear is more important than what you want to say.”

Ramin Hoodeh’s personal bio (full version): 

Personal Bio \- Summarised

EXPERIENCE  
Situation: I feel like life is both beautiful but boring. I have nostalgic memories of simpler times with my family in Iran, where people were more present, and more content with their career situation/choice. 

Challenge: School in the UK is where the mundane reality set in. I found it hard to culturally fit in, but found solace/inspiration from minority/Muslim friends. I wasn’t interested in any particular subject, and thought there were too many. I was more fascinated with my Dad’s entrepreneurial/self-reliant path. 

VISION  
Desire: My Dad had a seemingly religious conviction for his work, which involved creating beautiful things. He was competent and in a flow of certainty. I wanted this same conviction for myself; to have a career/work I was enthusiastic about, working towards a clear vision and create beautiful things. 

PURPOSE  
Decision: Dad convinced me that Uni wouldn’t hurt to gain opportunities, decided on UoN Marketing/Business which was nearby him, and to help his business with the theory. 

But I learnt more from the business than the degree; observing him operate passionately from an intuitive understanding of process, product and people. He maximised the potential of his resources (one man business) by focusing on a single-minded vision to make the most beautiful product, also knowing that people buy from him; the man behind the brand. 

This, along with my enthusiastic lecturers got me more interested in the psychology side of marketing theory, finally enjoying academia for once. I even wrote my thesis on this topic and scored highly, giving me the confidence to apply to Imperial for a Masters, making a purpose-driven decision to study Environmental Technology. 

My plan was to use marketing knowledge to drive sustainable consumption, rather than selling gas-guzzling cars. Focusing my thesis here on the automotive sector partly resulted in succeeding with my decision to get a graduate job at Tesla.  

STRATEGY  
Breakthrough journey: While the Tesla role was focused on sales, I was involved in a SpaceX-related marketing project after an email response from Elon Musk. 

After Imperial found out I was invited to do a TEDx talk on space/business. I spoke about how businesses seek objective existential truth about themselves/the market and work towards a goal, but we don’t have this mindset for our personal lives – often not making decisions on the bigger picture/magical nature of existence. 

I’ve always been pondering/writing about this phenomenon (not distilled in my book), partly due to a spiritual experience with shamans. This influenced my decision to do a guided meditation in my TEDx talk, to give people a cosmic reminder of the way life really is. 

I took my own advice and chose to become a climate change consultant, but found it boring and still had that creative/entrepreneurial drive. So, I left and started to help start-ups for free, eventually working in a fruit shop to pay the bills. 

I then realised that the work I was doing was technically product management, as I was creatively dealing with product / process / people. I started interviewing for similar roles, faced a lot of rejection, including being \#2 at the ESA, which was disappointing but hopeful, persevered and got a job in the same field at OS – government stamp that I’m officially a PM. 

However, I left this dream job to finish my book, confidently knowing I can get the opportunity again due to my newfound skills to articulate / present my value. 

Finished book and got offer at GroupM to build what is now the most widely-used carbon calculator in the media sector. 

Surprisingly felt like an imposter this whole time as I had no formal PM qualification, therefore was creating my own start-to-finish guide for my job, now productised and called the Product Innovation Process; distilled best practices all in one place. It’s a step-by-step process that helps you create a vision and keep to it at each stage, and has been used by start-ups/SMEs/corporates to build products without me being there. 

It hasn’t been needed at my current company, Vivup, who provide health / wellbeing benefits to organisations’ employees. They’re great, voted \#1 employer, check them out. Now I make products that help people feel recognised, get access to healthcare and save on financial costs like childcare. 

It’s more beneficial for the world than sustainability, which is BS / full of greenwashing / pretentious companies / power-hungry globalists carbon taxing you. FYI if nuclear isn’t mentioned it’s not true sustainability (not my employer’s views). 

TACTICS:  
Epiphany: I just think that most meaningful value you could create, through in your career, or personal project, is contributing to that which directly helps people reduce their stress. Since the conclusion of all metaphysics, summarised in my book is the meaning of life \= connect with transcendent capacity within self/others/world. Religion is w/God, spirituality w/spirit, philosophy/objective values i.e. your conscience. When you overcome emotions/trauma what’s left is the real you. 

Less noise in the way between inner voice that knows who you are/your values and therefore clarity/conviction in what to do i.e. Devil noisy quote. Because the devil knows that true contentment is connection with spirit, since your spirit holds your qualities, what you find important and therefore your meaning/purpose. 

Relevant for professional life, for employee/creative or company/product, most important skill is to overcome information which is the best way to reduce stress. Either personally i.e. not scrolling on phone/meditating in space, or as a business knowing useful insights or single source of truth w/agreed process. Because when you cut through noise you focus on 3 essentials i) true/core nature/values/competencies, ii) where that puts you in existence in the universe/market, and iii) therefore your vision or purpose that can guide your decisions of how to get there from where you are.   
These 3 essentials have been key to value of any project and also activating that clarity/conviction due to knowing what to do based on how much closer it’s getting you to goal, therefore seeing beauty of mundane work. But ensure you define it, sounds cliché but it’s rare. Important because just knowing what to do isn’t enough fun – real life/work is tough, it’s still a job, hence you get paid to do it cause it’s complex. 

Even in my Dad’s “exciting” business, or Tesla there’s still admin/taxes. That’s life. I remember being bored sanding vintage panel, my Dad’s advice “just think about the end,” which goes against the BS guru advice of enjoying the process. I thought my Dad meant the end-result of making a beautiful car come to life, but he was just looking forward to selling it. His enjoyment was not cars in the end, it was providing for his family. 

Really, I think the best way to turn a potentially boring existence into something beautiful, is to see how your mundane tasks are getting you closer to a more magical vision or goal of where you want to be. And, yeah, sometimes those mundane tasks include working for free for a while, to get experience. Hence you need a vision for your 9-5 job as well as a personal vision that you’re actually passionate about, so that you can use the earnings from your “real-life” job to fuel your “fantasy” dream. And that dream could just be being able to take care of those who you love.

I call it the “middle way” approach to personal/professional life, which is the way of the world where personal projects and professional career mutually reinforce each other. For me, my Dad’s car business helped me get a job at Tesla, helping start-ups gave me entry into my tech career, my book shows hiring managers I’m a good storyteller – a newly valuable skill. My career experience on the other hand shows authority to a potential publisher, or investor for my passion-project nsso. 

nsso is a dynamic Resumé that grounds you when juggling creative/professional and personal experiences/identities in our opportunity-filled world. It consolidates/presents your different sides into a cohesive story, helping you clearly present/express your unique value and gain opportunities. It’s called “all of you, all in one place” as it shows work experiences, qualifications and also personal projects, links to socials, website, portfolio, Youtube channel if you’re a creator… anywhere people can find you/your offerings. 

It goes further than a Resumé as your personal, shop, displaying products/services e.g. creative skill, paintings, or consulting, hourly time, course/book, vintage clothes… DJ booking, events, anything. It consolidates personal/professional sides into a glass-morphic design, simplifying your multi-faceted identity, highlighting experiences near your offerings i.e. it’s the most beautiful way to present yourself online. 

BENEFITS:  
Importance: Importantly, you display it in your social bio’s, so your professional expertise is more discoverable in our modern, creative/casual or social dynamic we have now. So you can leverage career exp. Incl. extracurricular pursuits, to either help attract better career exp. Or gain more entrepreneurial opportunities. 

For me, I don’t want to be a PM forever, it’s just a 9-5 not a purpose hence I wrote the PIP so products can be built without me. I’d rather write beautiful stories about the mystery of this life and wonders of existence that unify all religious narratives, I want to uncover esoteric similarities of ancient wisdom, showing all religions are saying the same thing, so we’d have a lot less conflict. 

My personal “fantasy dream” is a to be a NYT bestseller… but it costs money for agent, publicist, designer, roof over head, wine helps also, a videographer (thanks) etc. This all applies to anyone who wants to get published, customers, or mess up ESA interviews… you need authority when networking, to present self/tell story in different context, to articulate your ideas/products and also why people should specifically work with you. 

CTA:  
Call to action: Biggest problem is knowing where to start, so here’s a starter pack/handout… free nsso membership, summary of my book – 2 page summary of all metaphysics so you don’t have to read/make sense of it all like I did. 

Remember, clarity on metaphysical knowledge is that it connects you to beauty of existence and helps you figure out what you find meaningful. To help action this wisdom, I put a Q\&A section called a “Purpose Guide” which you write in to make a vision/plan for the next 3 years of your life. Then, sign up to Morgis (nsso partner) to meet me and connect with a Mentor with the exact background to get you to where you want to be. 

One more thing… here’s a copy of the PIP, which is a PM degree in a booklet. Don’t sell it or else. I’m giving you the gold here for free, don’t waste it. If someone gave me this years ago I would’ve saved years of my life. I sacrificed a lot to figure this out… health, relationships, girlfriends, it’s been tough to figure this all out, but I always knew it was worth it and that’s my path because once it’s done… I can benefit from it for the rest of my life. And now, so can you\!

Talk transcript: 

Sometimes I think about how magical, yet mundane, life can be? I remember what life felt like before we had the internet in our pocket. Growing up, I used to go to and from England to Iran to visit my family. Looking back, my memories of Iran feel like a past life. I remember the nostalgic beauty of the place, not just of the natural scenery but, the smell… of the trees along the roads in the evening, the crystal-clear stars in the sky over the backdrop of the mountains in the horizon, and the warm feeling of family, culture and belonging. The world, including the UK, felt a lot quieter back then. People seemed more present with their immediate surroundings, more grateful for what they had, who they were; not exposed to the constant reminders of what they could have, who they could be. You had your family, some friends, a small handful of career paths to choose from, and you felt content. 

Growing up in school in sunny Manchester, reality really set in of studying hard to eventually find your place in society. Being from another culture however made it hard for me to fit in completely, as I couldn’t fully identify with any one nationality. My friends were mostly other sons of immigrants, most of which were Muslim. I’m not religious but I like that religious people see the world the way it really is; magical, miraculous, and filled with purpose. This perspective always felt like a stark contrast to the boring reality of life at school, where I found it difficult to stay interested in any one field. Besides, there were just so many separate subjects about which you just had to memorise so much information on, and I just didn’t see the point. I think this because I saw how my dad, a very entrepreneurial character, successfully carved out his own path in life, outside of a single traditional job or system.

And actually, my dad seemed to have that same conviction that religious people had, but for his family, and his automotive business: Merdad Collection. He seemed to get genuine meaning out of his work. He was creating real-life, beautiful things – supercars even, and he was good at it. He was a self-starter; nobody told him what to do, he just knew what he needed to do… you know those kinds of people? He always seemed to be in this this flow of certainty. 

So, I knew that that’s the kind of deep conviction I wanted in myself. I wanted, one day, to have that clarity on my path, to find my thing, and to not feel like I’m missing out on some other thing. I wanted to be enthusiastic about life and live with a recognition of its beauty. Especially with my career, I wanted work towards a clear vision, with a good team, and create beautiful things together. 

And although I didn’t believe in the traditional education path, my dad was the one who convinced me that that a university degree wouldn’t hurt, to help me gain more opportunities long-term. I decided to study Business and Marketing at the University of Northampton, namely because the Merdad Collection showroom was nearby. The plan was to continue to help run the business while learning relevant theoretical skills in the meantime. And actually, working with my dad in the showroom prepared me for the world of business just as much as my university degree. 

I saw how he operated passionately from this intuitive knowing of process, product and people. He actually made a one-man business look like a corporation on the outside. I actually remember, overhearing a call one day where a supplier said to him “Merdad \[that’s his name\], Merdad, we’re not a big company like you, we only have about 85 people working here.” And it was funny because there was literally just me and my Dad, and that’s it. And I think, he really made the most out of his resources because he focused on one single-minded vision, and that was to make the most beautiful Porsche SUV on the market. Everything else was secondary because he believed that the car should speak for itself. When customers would ask detailed technical questions, he would tell them “Please, stop asking these boring questions. Just look at the damn thing… that’s all you need to know”. 

Because inevitably, he knew that while people bought the product, on a deeper level, they were really buying into the style of the brand. But behind the brand was him – more specifically, his character. That’s why I found myself interested in the more psychology-focused modules at university. And the enthusiasm of my marketing professors helped fuel this, particularly in lectures on consumer behaviour. They taught how, as consumers, our more tribal instincts are manipulated to get us to desire brands and to buy things we inevitably don’t need. This is where I learnt about conspicuous consumption, and the unnecessary harm that all of this does to our planet, which was a real turning point for me. 

I chose this as my thesis topic and ended up graduating with a first-class degree which, thanks to the experience of my dad, and guidance from my lecturers, gave me confidence on my interests and my appreciation for academia in general. This was enough to make me decide to further my studies with a master’s in environmental technology at Imperial College London. My idea was to utilise what I learnt in marketing but to promote positive, environmentally responsible, behaviour. This would be a stark contrast to the gas guzzling car sales I used to do with my dad. 

I had to be honest with myself about doing work that I believed in; something I felt similarly passionate about. So, at Imperial, I specialised in pollution management, wrote my thesis on making carbon negative cars using hemp fibres, and eventually gained a graduate job at Tesla. And that’s where my journey really started. 

It was just when Tesla first entered the UK market, so they were focused solely on sales. My claim to fame however was getting an email response from Elon Musk about a SpaceX-related marketing project. And then when word got round, I was invited to give a TEDx talk basically about business and space. I spoke about how businesses like Tesla strive seek objective truth, about our place in the market and our competencies, to work towards a vision or goal, but we don’t do this in our personal lives. We forget that, objectively, we’re this magical consciousness on this floating blue ball called planet Earth, hurdling through the galaxy. Which is a shame because if we did, then we’d make decisions more in line with the magic of existence and live a more meaningful life.  

By the way, this whole time I’ve been figuring out my own religious and philosophical beliefs, which I’ve now brought all together and summarised in the form of a fiction story in my book. But while I was a student, I visited some very proficient shamans who were able to show me, through a very intense… ceremony experience, that the concept of the soul, and God, are very real. This inspired me for my TEDx talk to do a guided meditation on stage, helping the audience visualise themselves floating above the planet as astronauts do, as a sort of cosmic reminder to see life the way it really is and help realign their values. 

And taking my own advice, I went deeper into sustainability in my career, becoming a climate change specialist at an environmental consulting company. But it wasn’t long until my entrepreneurial aspirations caught up with me. I still had this desire to create something, and was still in touch with old customers from Tesla who were founders, and I used to help out their start-ups for free, just to gain experience. One of them was a climate risk analytics start-up that I actually ended up leaving my secure consulting job to work for, for free. People around me thought I was going crazy, but I just knew it would be worth the experience. 

I then started to work in an organic food shop, just to pay the bills, while I was helping this start-up and then… as I was stacking the shelves… that’s when I realised… that all of the work I’ve been doing for free for these companies actually ties really closely to a job title: Product Management. So, then I started interviewing for full-time roles, specifically, in Product Management, which is what I realised was a natural fit for me, probably because it was right in that creative sweet spot of building and designing processes and products, and working with people. 

My most memorable interview experience was with the European Space Agency; from an application I had forgotten about for months. I got through to the 5th and final round of interviews before being told I was number 2, out of thousands of applicants. It was a bittersweet rejection, and a hopeful moment which I had lots of time to process whilst I was mopping the floor at the fruit shop the next morning. 

I still persevered and eventually did get a job at the British Geospatial Agency’s Innovation branch, and was soon building mapping products with actual ambassadors of the UK and European Space Agencies. This was the government’s stamp of approval of my role as a Product Manager. Believe it or not, I then left this “dream” job after a year, to finish writing my book. 

By that time, I was confident in my ability to interview and present myself well, even making a digital portfolio website, showcasing all my work and my value, and articulating my story in a synergistic and efficient way. This is something I think everyone should do by the way – you create and point to a place where your work speaks for itself… but I’ll get to that at the end. And I soon got a job offer to build a carbon emissions calculator for the global innovation team at the world’s largest media investment agency. To this date it’s the most widely used carbon calculator in the industry, which I’m quite proud of. 

But guess what? This whole time I felt like an imposter, because although I had all this experience, and also my own tech start-up which I’ll get into in a minute… I had no traditional degree in Product Management because well… there isn’t one. I thought I would get humbled every time I started at a new company, but it turns out, everyone else was also trying to figure out this whole Product Management thing and there was no actual formal process of building products. So, I actually created and documented my own 100-page instruction manual to do my job. It’s a distilled guide that’s inspired by best practices I learnt from the companies I was at, as well as all kind of online resources. 

I call it the Product Innovation Process. It’s been used so far by start-ups, SMEs, and large corporates to build products, without me actually being there. It hasn’t actually been used at the company I’m working at now, though, because well... they already know what they’re doing. Now I work at a company called Vivup, which provides health and wellbeing benefits to organisations for their employees. They’re an incredible company to work for, and were actually voted the number 1 SME to work for in the UK last year. Check them out before you graduate, I think they have a good internship programme. 

I essentially make products that, through different means, help people feel recognised at work, get better access to healthcare, and even save massively on things like their childcare costs. This, perhaps somewhat ironically, does more good for the world than working in sustainability does. Partly because I found the sustainability industry a bit pretentious, and full of greenwashing. All these companies trying to pretend to do something to protect their image, and globalists trying to carbon tax you and gain more control of your life. Just know that if atomic energy isn’t a major part of the picture, which is the real solution, then all the talk of sustainability is just... disingenuous. And I just want to say that the opinions I express are solely my own and do not express the views or opinions of my employer… they actually have some great sustainability policies and are leading the UK’s cycle to work scheme. 

I just think that most meaningful value you could create, through in your career, or personal project, is contributing to that which directly helps people reduce their stress. Now why is that? Well, the answer to that question is found in the conclusion of every answer found in all sects of spirituality, religion, and philosophy, which is what I spent years summarising in my book. The underlying conclusion that every wisdom agrees on, about the meaning of life, is that the meaning of life is to connect with a transcendent capacity either within yourself, others, or the world around you. Religion says it’s a connection with God; aligning with the will of our creator, spirituality says it’s a connection with our spirit or soul, and philosophy is a connection with more objective deeper morals or values. Basically, your conscience… right? But essentially, when you – as a human, reduce stress, or another way of putting it, overcome your emotions… or even trauma… what’s left is the real you.

There’s less noise in the way, between you, and the connection with your inner voice, your true… spirit, that knows who you are, that knows what you find important, and has therefore great clarity, and conviction, in knowing what you want to do. That’s why it’s said that “the Devil makes the world so noisy so that men can’t even hear themselves,” because the Devil knows that the closest you’ll ever get to feeling content, is by connecting with your spirit. Because your spirit is that which holds the qualities of what makes you, you, what you find important, and therefore your sense of meaning or purpose. 

And the reason why this wisdom is so relevant in our professional life is because whether you’re an employee or an independent professional or creative, or a company or a project or product, the most important skill is to be able to overcome over-information (which also is the best way to reduce stress). This could either mean not scrolling so much on your phone, or meditating in space, and in business it’s knowing what data or insights are actually useful for you, or having a single source of truth with an agreed-upon process. Because when you cut through the noise, you’re able to focus on these three essential things: 1\. Your true or core nature, values, and competencies, 2\. Where that puts you as your place in existence either in the universe or in the market, and then 3\. What, therefore, your vision or purpose should be that you can use to guide your decisions.

Focusing on these three things has always been at the heart of anything valuable I’ve ever worked on, and is also how I’ve ever been able to get into that state of clarity and conviction, mainly by knowing what to do based on how much closer it’s getting you to where you want to be, and therefore seeing the beauty of the more mundane work. But you have to define it first. It sounds really cliché, but you’d be surprised how little this gets done. Another reason why that’s so important is, just because you know you have to do something, doesn’t mean it’s going to be fun. Because guess what? Even though I have the career and projects I always wanted, it doesn’t mean that I spring up out of bed every morning and enjoy every minute of it. It’s still a job, you get paid to do it because nobody would do it for free. A lot of the time it’s really boring and it’s very difficult and complex and it’s… hard work. 

Even if you run a supercar business like my Dad did, we still did taxes, there was still admin, there was a lot of cleaning the cars… just like in Tesla, getting them ready for customers, lots of paperwork. Unfortunately, that’s just how life is. I remember one night my dad and I were stripping the paint off a vintage car, and I said, “dad I’ve been sanding this metal piece non-stop for a whole week, and all I’ve done is this one panel”. And he said “yeah, so what? Keep going?” I said “what do you mean? How can you keep going, it’s so boring?” and he said “son… just think about the end result” and he carried on sanding away. I thought it was interesting because we hear all this advice about “enjoying the process” but I think that’s like bullshit YouTube guru advice. 

It's funny because, before this talk, this morning I asked him “dad, what did you mean when you always said ‘just think about the end result’, was it the end result of seeing the beautiful car come to life?” and he said “what are you talking about? I was looking forward to finishing the car so I could sell the damn thing. I wanted get rid of it so I could get the money.” So, you could say that even my dad got bored of cars in the end, for a very long time, he didn’t do it because he loved cars, there’s only so much dopamine you can possibly get from the same thing over time. In reality, I realised that the thing that kept him going was the ability to provide for his family. 

Really, I think the best way to turn a potentially boring existence into something beautiful, is to see how your mundane tasks are getting you closer to a more magical vision or goal of where you want to be. And, yeah, sometimes those mundane tasks include working for free for a while, to get experience. That’s why it’s important to have not just a vision for your 9-5 job but also something that you personally want to create or achieve. Something you’re personally passionate about, so that you can use the earnings from your “real-life” job to fuel your “fantasy” dream. And that dream could just be being able to take care of those who you love. 

I call this the “middle way” approach to your personal and professional life, and the best part is that this is way the world is going right now. Your personal projects and your professional career are now things that mutually reinforce each other. For me, helping my dad’s car businesses helped me get a job at Tesla, working at start-ups for free got me the foot in the door in my tech career, my book shows hiring managers that I’m a good storyteller – which is a skill always increasing in demand. And then my career experience gives me more authority if I ever want to speak to publisher, or if I want to win the trust of an investor for my start-up, or passion-project nsso, which now I’m going to tell you about, and which is going to help you out, from today.  

nsso is essentially a more dynamic kind of Resumé, that keeps you grounded as you juggle different personal, creative, and professional experiences and identities in this opportunity-filled world we’re in. And it does this by bringing together and presenting all the different sides of you into a cohesive story, so you can more clearly present and express your unique value, and gain the opportunities you deserve. We call it “all of you, all in one place” as it showcases not only your work experiences, qualifications, but also your personal projects, links to all your different social media profiles like maybe your website, portfolio, Instagram, LinkedIn, or YouTube channel if you’re a content creator… basically anywhere that people can find you and what you have to offer.  

So, going further than a Resumé, your nsso profile becomes your personal shop, where you can also display the products and services you have to offer. Whether that’s some creative skill, your paintings, jewellery, consulting, an hour of your time, to book you as a DJ, maybe a room booking if you also work in events, maybe you have a course, or a book, maybe you sell vintage clothes… whatever that is… you place it on your profile. So now you’ve consolidated your personal and professional sides together, in this beautiful glass-morphic design, that simplifies your multi-faceted identity, highlighting your experiences right next to what you have to offer. That’s why we call it the most beautiful, and efficient, way to present yourself online. 

And then you display that… and this is the most important bit… in the bio section of your Instagram or TikTok or whatever social media profile you use. What that means is your professional expertise is more discoverable in our more modern, creative, casual, or social dynamic that we have now, so you can leverage your career experiences, as well as your other extracurricular pursuits, to either help you attract better career experiences, or gain those more entrepreneurial opportunities that you’re looking for.   

For me, I don’t want to be a Product Manager forever. That’s not my purpose, that’s just how I make a living; that’s why I wrote the Product Innovation Process – to sell it to companies so they can make products without me, while I’m not there. What I’d rather do is… I just want to write stories; beautiful stories about the mystery of this life and the wonders of our existence, in a way that unifies every religious narrative. I like to uncover the lesser-known similarities of ancient wisdom, to help people see that the Egyptians to the Indians to the Persians, Jews, Christians, and Muslims so on… that they’re all saying the same thing… I think if people were more aware of that then it would solve a lot of conflict. 

So, my personal “fantasy” dream is to be a New York Times bestseller… but to do that it costs money – I need an agent, an editor, a publicist, a book designer, and a roof over my head to write under, and maybe some nice wine, that always helps… I gotta get someone to film me, to make content, and think about that... this kind gentlemen in the audience is getting 50 quid after this… thank you… but you get my point. This applies to anyone, whether you want to get published, find customers for whatever business you’ve made, or mess up that interview at the European Space Agency, like me… you ideally need, to have some achievements and experiences for credibility, you have to know how to present yourself when you’re networking, and tell your story in all kind of different contexts; to not only articulate your ideas and products but also, why people should specifically work with you.

But the main problem, generally, is knowing where to start. So, with that in mind, I’m going to leave you with… a starter pack. In this little handout, you have a free membership to nsso, for 3 years, because I know in 3 years’ time you’ll have benefited from it so much that you can afford to pay for it… the second is a summary of my book, which is actually a 2 page summary of all metaphysics, all religion, philosophy and spirituality – so you don’t have to spend years reading and searching and making sense of it all like I did. 

Remember, the benefit of having clarity on metaphysical knowledge is that it connects you to the beauty of existence and helps you figure out what you find meaningful. And to help you actually action this wisdom, I’ve put a Q\&A section in the end, from what I call the “Purpose Guide,” that you can write in, with a template where you can make a vision and plan for the next 3 years of your life. Once you’ve done that, there’s a link to sign up to a platform called Morgis, which nsso has partnered with. So Morgis is a platform where I will meet you on and will connect you with a Mentor that has the exact background required to help get you to where you want to be. 

Oh and one more thing.. I’ve got a copy of my Product Process here, which is basically a Product Management degree in a booklet. If you try to sell or copy it, I will run you over with a Tesla. I’m literally giving you the gold here, for free. Please don’t let this go to waste. If someone gave me this stuff years ago then… well I would have saved years of my life. And look, I’ve sacrificed a lot to figure this stuff out… my health, relationships… girlfriends… it’s been tough to figure all of this out but I always knew it was worth it and that’s my path because once it’s done… I can benefit from it for the rest of my life. And now, so can you\!

So… that’s enough of that.   
